Provider TEXT,
EventID TEXT,
Version TEXT,
Level TEXT,
Task TEXT,
Opcode TEXT,
Keywords TEXT,
TimeCreated TEXT,
EventRecordID TEXT,
Correlation TEXT,
Execution TEXT,
Channel TEXT,
Computer TEXT,
Security TEXT,
targetusersid TEXT,
targetusername TEXT,
targetdomainname TEXT,
targetlogonid TEXT,
logontype TEXT,
subjectusersid TEXT,
subjectusername TEXT,
subjectdomainname TEXT,
subjectlogonid TEXT,
logonprocessname TEXT,
authenticationpackagename TEXT,
workstationname TEXT,
logonguid TEXT,
transmittedservices TEXT,
lmpackagename TEXT,
keylength TEXT,
processid TEXT,
processname TEXT,
ipaddress TEXT,
ipport TEXT,
privilegelist TEXT,
packagename TEXT,
workstation TEXT,
status TEXT,
targetlogonguid TEXT,
targetservername TEXT,
targetinfo TEXT
CREATE TABLE mssql_table (Provider TEXT,
EventID TEXT,
Version TEXT,
Level TEXT,
Task TEXT,
Opcode TEXT,
Keywords TEXT,
TimeCreated TEXT,
EventRecordID TEXT,
Correlation TEXT,
Execution TEXT,
Channel TEXT,
Computer TEXT,
Security TEXT,
targetusersid TEXT,
targetusername TEXT,
targetdomainname TEXT,
targetlogonid TEXT,
logontype TEXT,
subjectusersid TEXT,
subjectusername TEXT,
subjectdomainname TEXT,
subjectlogonid TEXT,
logonprocessname TEXT,
authenticationpackagename TEXT,
workstationname TEXT,
logonguid TEXT,
transmittedservices TEXT,
lmpackagename TEXT,
keylength TEXT,
processid TEXT,
processname TEXT,
ipaddress TEXT,
ipport TEXT,
privilegelist TEXT,
packagename TEXT,
workstation TEXT,
status TEXT,
targetlogonguid TEXT,
targetservername TEXT,
targetinfo TEXT)